so God blessed Noah and his sons the
so God blessed Noah and his sons the fruit
fruit
fruit and multiply and fill the earth and the
and multiply and fill the earth and the
and multiply and fill the earth and the fear of you and the dread of you shall
fear of you and the dread of you shall
fear of you and the dread of you shall be on every beast of the earth on every
be on every beast of the earth on every
be on every beast of the earth on every bird of the air on all that move on the
bird of the air on all that move on the
bird of the air on all that move on the earth and on all the fish of the sea
earth and on all the fish of the sea
earth and on all the fish of the sea they are given into your hand every
they are given into your hand every
they are given into your hand every moving thing that lives shall be food
moving thing that lives shall be food
moving thing that lives shall be food for you I have given you all things even
for you I have given you all things even
for you I have given you all things even as the green herbs but you shall not eat
as the green herbs but you shall not eat
as the green herbs but you shall not eat flesh with its life that is its blood
flesh with its life that is its blood
flesh with its life that is its blood surely for your lifeblood I will demand
surely for your lifeblood I will demand
surely for your lifeblood I will demand a reckoning from the hand of every beast
a reckoning from the hand of every beast
a reckoning from the hand of every beast I will require it and from the hand of
I will require it and from the hand of
I will require it and from the hand of man from the hand of every man's brother
man from the hand of every man's brother
man from the hand of every man's brother I will require the life of man whoever
I will require the life of man whoever
I will require the life of man whoever sheds man's blood by man his blood shall
sheds man's blood by man his blood shall
sheds man's blood by man his blood shall be shed for in the image of God he made
be shed for in the image of God he made
be shed for in the image of God he made man and as for you be fruitful and
man and as for you be fruitful and
man and as for you be fruitful and multiply bring forth abundantly in the
multiply bring forth abundantly in the
multiply bring forth abundantly in the earth and multiply in it and as for me
earth and multiply in it and as for me
earth and multiply in it and as for me behold I establish my covenant with you
behold I establish my covenant with you
behold I establish my covenant with you and with your descendants after you and
and with your descendants after you and
and with your descendants after you and with every living creature that is with
with every living creature that is with
with every living creature that is with you the birds the cattle and every beast
you the birds the cattle and every beast
you the birds the cattle and every beast of the earth with you of all that go out
of the earth with you of all that go out
of the earth with you of all that go out of the ark every beast of the earth thus
of the ark every beast of the earth thus
of the ark every beast of the earth thus I establish my covenant with you never
I establish my covenant with you never
I establish my covenant with you never again shall all flesh be cut off by the
again shall all flesh be cut off by the
again shall all flesh be cut off by the waters of the flood never again shall
waters of the flood never again shall
waters of the flood never again shall there be a flood to destroy the earth
there be a flood to destroy the earth
there be a flood to destroy the earth this is the sign of the Covenant which I
this is the sign of the Covenant which I
this is the sign of the Covenant which I make between me and you and every living
make between me and you and every living
make between me and you and every living creature that is with you for perpetual
creature that is with you for perpetual
creature that is with you for perpetual generations I set my rainbow in the
generations I set my rainbow in the
generations I set my rainbow in the cloud and it shall be for the sign of
cloud and it shall be for the sign of
cloud and it shall be for the sign of the Covenant between me and the earth it
the Covenant between me and the earth it
the Covenant between me and the earth it shall be when I bring a cloud over the
shall be when I bring a cloud over the
shall be when I bring a cloud over the earth that the rainbow shall be seen in
earth that the rainbow shall be seen in
earth that the rainbow shall be seen in the cloud and I will remember my
the cloud and I will remember my
the cloud and I will remember my covenant which is between me and you and
covenant which is between me and you and
covenant which is between me and you and every living creature of all flesh the
every living creature of all flesh the
every living creature of all flesh the waters shall never again become a flood
waters shall never again become a flood
waters shall never again become a flood to destroy all flesh the rainbow shall
to destroy all flesh the rainbow shall
to destroy all flesh the rainbow shall be in the cloud and I will look on it to
be in the cloud and I will look on it to
be in the cloud and I will look on it to remember the everlasting covenant
remember the everlasting covenant
remember the everlasting covenant between God and every living creature of
between God and every living creature of
between God and every living creature of all flesh that is on the earth this is
all flesh that is on the earth this is
all flesh that is on the earth this is the sign of the covenant which I have
the sign of the covenant which I have
the sign of the covenant which I have established between me and all flesh
established between me and all flesh
established between me and all flesh but is on the earth now the sons of Noah
but is on the earth now the sons of Noah
but is on the earth now the sons of Noah who went out of the ark were shem ham
who went out of the ark were shem ham
who went out of the ark were shem ham and Japheth and ham was the father of
and Japheth and ham was the father of
and Japheth and ham was the father of canaan these three were the sons of noah
canaan these three were the sons of noah
canaan these three were the sons of noah and from these the whole earth was
and from these the whole earth was
and from these the whole earth was populated and Noah began to be a farmer
populated and Noah began to be a farmer
populated and Noah began to be a farmer and he planted a vineyard then he drank
and he planted a vineyard then he drank
and he planted a vineyard then he drank of the wine and was drunk
of the wine and was drunk
of the wine and was drunk I became uncovered in his tent and ham
I became uncovered in his tent and ham
I became uncovered in his tent and ham the father of Canaan saw the nakedness
the father of Canaan saw the nakedness
the father of Canaan saw the nakedness of his father and told his two brothers
of his father and told his two brothers
of his father and told his two brothers outside but Shem and Japheth took a
outside but Shem and Japheth took a
outside but Shem and Japheth took a garment laid it on both their shoulders
garment laid it on both their shoulders
garment laid it on both their shoulders and went backward and covered the
and went backward and covered the
and went backward and covered the nakedness of their father their faces
nakedness of their father their faces
nakedness of their father their faces were turned away and they did not see
were turned away and they did not see
were turned away and they did not see their fathers nakedness so Noah awoke
their fathers nakedness so Noah awoke
their fathers nakedness so Noah awoke from his wine and knew what his younger
from his wine and knew what his younger
from his wine and knew what his younger son had done to him then he said Kersh
son had done to him then he said Kersh
son had done to him then he said Kersh it betray Lana a servant of servants she
it betray Lana a servant of servants she
it betray Lana a servant of servants she shall be to his brethren blessed be the
shall be to his brethren blessed be the
shall be to his brethren blessed be the Lord the God of Shem and may Canaan be
Lord the God of Shem and may Canaan be
Lord the God of Shem and may Canaan be his servant the god enlarge Japheth and
his servant the god enlarge Japheth and
his servant the god enlarge Japheth and may he dwell in the tents of Shem and
may he dwell in the tents of Shem and
may he dwell in the tents of Shem and mackanin be his servant
and Noah lived after the flood three
and Noah lived after the flood three hundred and fifty years so all the days
hundred and fifty years so all the days
hundred and fifty years so all the days of Noah were nine hundred and fifty
of Noah were nine hundred and fifty
of Noah were nine hundred and fifty years and he died